Gotta be ready before nightfall.
Now keep it moving.
Put a watch on the ridgeand the tree lines.
Boy.
Lovely boy.
What do you want?
A man has a thirst.
A man does not drink for a day and a night.
A boy could make a friend.
I have friends.
Give us beer before I skin you.
A man does not choose his companions.
These two, they have no courtesy.
A man must ask forgiveness.
You’re called Arry?
This man has the honour to be Jaqen H’ghar,once of the Free City of Lorath…
Beer, you little shit.
Get us beer!
You should have asked nicely.
Aah!
Come closer…
and I’ll shove that stick up your bungholeand fuck you bloody.
That boy has more courage than sense.
Come here!
Yoren said none of us wereto go near those three.
Come here!
They don’t scare me.
Hmm?
Then you’re stupid.
They scare me.
What are gold cloaksdoing so far from King’s Landing?
What are you doing?
They’re looking for me.
You in command here?
You’re a long way from home.
I asked you a question.
Aye, you did.
You asked without mannersand I chose not to answer.
I have a royal warrantfor one of these gutter ratsyou’re transporting.
Well, the thing is…
these gutter rats belongto the Night’s Watch now.
That puts them beyond the reachof kings and queens.
Does it?
It’s a funny thing,people worry so much about their throatsthat they forget about what’s down low.
Now, I sharpened this blade before breakfast.
I could shave a spider’s arse if I wanted to.
Or…
I could nick this artery in your leg.
And once it’s nicked,there’s no one around herewho knows how to unnick it.
We’ll just keep that.
Good steel is always needed on the Wall.
Seems you have a choice,you can die here at this crossroadsa long way from home,or you can go back to your cityand tell your mastersyou didn’t find what you were looking for.
We’re looking for a boy named Gendry.
He carries a bull’s head helmet.
Anyone turning him overwill earn the King’s reward.
We’ll be back with more menand I’ll be taking your head homealong with that bastard boy.
My lord.
You make me wait a long time,but your friend keeps me company.
We were just speaking of your braveryin the victory againstthe Stark auxiliary forces.
It was quite a battle.
I heard you suffered a terrible head wound.
The northerners are such fearsome warriors.
And I tell him the story of how we meet.
To find so lovely a creatureworking in your father’s kitchens…
It almost beggars belief.
Strange things do happen.
You should taste her fish pie.
I don’t think Lord Varys likes fish pie.
How can you tell?
I can always tell.
Men like Lord Varys and I can’t letour disadvantages get the best of us.
We’ll make a fisherman of him yet.
I am glad your new friendwas able to accompany you to the capital.
Friends are such an important part of life.
Unfortunate that your fatherdidn’t want her to come.
But rest easy, my lord.
I am very good at keeping secretsfor my good friends.
Your discretion is legendary…
Where your friends are concerned.
How unspeakable of me to go on and onwhen all you want to do is rest.
I will leave you.
Welcome to King’s Landing, my dear.
This city is made brighter by your presence.
We have a council meeting, my lord.
I don’t like threats.
Who threatened you?
I’m not Ned Stark.
I understand the way this game is played.
Ned Stark was a man of honour.
And I am not.
Threaten me againand I’ll have you thrown into the sea.
You might be disappointed in the results.
Storms come and go,the big fish eat the little fish,and I keep on paddling.
Come, my lord.
We shouldn’t keep the queen waiting.
“From this time until the end of time,”we are not part of your realm,”but a free and independentKingdom of the North.
“He has more spirit than his father,I’ll give him that.
You’ve perfected the art of tearing up papers.
We can give him his father’s bones back,at least,as a gesture of good faith.
You’ll give the Starks our reply, cousin?
I will, Your Grace.
Did you see my brotherwhen you were the Starks’ guest?
I did.
They have not broken his spirit, Your Grace.
If you speak with him,tell him he’s not been forgotten.
I will, Your Grace.
Safe travels, cousin.
You have a deft hand with diplomacy.
If that’s everything…
A raven flew in this morningfrom Castle Black.
Trouble with the wildlings.
That’s why they’re called “wildlings.
“Somewhat less wild these days.
Seems they’ve stopped killing each otherand started followingthis kingbeyondtheWall.
Another king?
How many is that now?
Five?
I’ve lost count.
The Lord Commander asksthat we send more men to man the Wall.
Perhaps he’s forgotten we’re fighting a war.
We have no men to spare.
“The cold winds are risingand the dead rise with them.
“The northerners are a superstitious people.
According to the Commander,one of these dead menattacked him in his chambers.
Mormont doesn’t lie.
How do you kill a dead man?
Apparently you burn him.
One trip to the Wall and you come backbelieving in grumpkins and snarks.
I don’t know what I believe,but here’s a fact for youthe Night’s Watch is the only thingthat separates us fromwhat lies beyond the Wall.
I have every confidence that the brave menof the Night’s Watch will protect us all.
And I said,”If the gods wanted us to have dignity,”they wouldn’t make us fart when we died.
“We fart when we die?
My blessed mother,I was holding her handwhen she left this world.
She farted so hard, the whole bed shook.
Seems a bit greedy for one manto have so many wives.
Wouldn’t two or three be enough for him?
We were having a serious discussion.
Would you look at that?
Nothing like the sightof a woman walking away.
I prefer watching them come towards me.
I’m sure that’s nice, too.
Yeah, well, there was a milkmaid named Violeton the next farm over from where I grew up.
We were wrestling togetherfrom the time we were six years old.
And then we got older and the wrestling…
changed.
You were with her?
How many times?
Well, as many times as I could.
I wish I grew up on a farm.
We need more potatoes.
Get another sack from the sledge.
Get the turnips, too.
No.
Ghost, no.
No!
Ghost, away.
Shoo.
Shoo!
You all right?
Did he frighten you?
You shouldn’t touch me.
Oh.
Oh, right.
I’m sorry.
I just wanted to make sure you weren’t hurt.
You’re very brave.
What are you doing?
This is Gilly.
She’s one of Craster’s daughters.
Hello, Gilly.
What are you doing?
Sam said you could help.
I’m sorry, but Sam knowswe’re not supposed…
She’s pregnant.
We have to take her with us when we leave.
What?
What would that…
I know it sounds a bit mad.
No, it doesn’t sound a bit mad,it’s impossible.
The Lord Commander ordered us to…
We are sworn to protect.
Sam, we can’t take…
Please, sir, please.
I can still run if I have to.
It’s just not possible.
I’m going to have a baby.
If it’s a boy…
If it’s a boy, what?
You want us to risk our lives for youand you won’t even tell us why?
Why’d you do that?
Do what?
Ask her a question?
You were cruel.
Cruel?
Sam, are you in such a hurry to lose a hand?
I didn’t touch her.
No, you just want to steal her.
What do you think Craster cuts off for that?
I can’t steal her.
She’s a person, not a goat.
We’re headingdeeper and deeper into wildling territory.
We can’t take a girl with us.
Mormont wouldn’t have it.
And even if he would,what would we do with her?
Who’s going to deliver a baby, you?
I could try.
What?
I’ve read about it.
A bit.
I’m sorry, Sam.
We can’t help her.
Khaleesi.
You don’t need to see this.
He is blood of my blood.
Who did this?
Khal Pono, perhaps.
Khal Jhaqo.
They don’t like the idea of a womanleading a khalasar.
They will like it far lesswhen I am done with them.
They killed his soul!
Shh.
They cannot kill his soul.
They did!
They butchered him like an animal.
They did not burn his body.
He can never join his ancestorsin the night lands.
Shh.
We will build him a funeral pyre.
And I promise you,Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight.
Is it as you remember, my lord?
It looks smaller.
Everything looks bigger when you’re a child.
I remember my father’s cabinfelt like a palace when I was little.
Now look at it.
They’ll be waiting for me on the docks.
Who will?
Anyone who matters.
This is a big day for them.
They haven’t had much to getexcited about since I left.
It’s a hard place, the Iron Islands.
Always has been.
It’s cold and it’s wet.
Oh, I love the cold and wet.
They say hard places breed hard men.
And hard men rule the world.
Then you’ll be king before long.
Try smiling with your lips closed.
Better.
My father doesn’t trust you Iron Islanders.
I don’t blame him.
He says that you’re all reavers and rapersand that no matterhow many women you have,you’ll never be sat…
Quit talking about your father.
But he’s right about us.
Our wives from the Iron Islands,they’re for breeding.
That’s not enough for us.
That’s why we take salt wives,the women we capture.
Capture me.
Take me with you when you go ashore.
Make me your salt wife.
Your place is on this ship.
Not after you leave.
Father will punish me.
He’ll call me a whore.
I haven’t paid you.
Oh, yeah.
I paid good money…
I’m not going to stand for this.
I barely touched her.
Now, you charge twice as muchas every other brotheland this is what I get, crying.
One moment, my friend.
A moment.
Please accept my sincerest apologies.
Aremca will take good care of you.
I’m sorry, my lord.
Did he hurt you?
No, my lord.
It’s Mhaegen.
Who?
She works for you.
She’s the one…
The gold cloaks, they killed her baby.
Ah, yes.
That was…
poorly handled.
Sometimes those with the most powerhave the least grace.
I can’t stop thinking about it.
I can’t sleep.
Her poor little baby.
You know, you remind me of another girl,a lovely thing I once acquiredfrom a Lysene pleasure house.
Beautiful, like yourself,and intelligent, like yourself.
But she wasn’t happy.
She cried often.
I asked her why,but we didn’t have the kind of rapportthat you and I have.
Yes, it was quite sad.
Girls from the Lysene pleasure housesare expensive,extremely expensive.
And this one wasn’t making me any money.
I hate bad investments.
Really, I do.
They haunt me.
I had no idea how to make her happy,no idea how to mitigate my losses.
A very wealthy patron,he offered me a tremendous amount of moneyto let him transformthis lovely, sad girl.
To use her in waysthat would never occur to most men.
But you know what occurs to most men.
I would not say he succeededin making her happy,but my losses were definitely mitigated.
Take tonight off to mourn Mhaegen’s child.
I’ll see you tomorrow.
And you’ll be happy?
That makes me happy.
More wine?
Damn it, boy!
Apologies, my lord.
Leave us, Podrick.
I believe we know how to pour our own wine.
That’s your new squire?
I could’ve found you a proper lad.
Myself, I prefer the improper ones.
That’s a good red.
Dornish?
You know your wines, my lord.
That I do.
A fine dinner, my lord.
Call me Tyrion, please.
I’m sure you’re getting used to fine dinners,now that you’re a lord.
Maybe I’ll hire this cook of yours.
Wars have been started for less.
I heard there was some troublein Littlefinger’s brothel the other night.
Mmm.
Nasty business.
Had to be done.
Yes, of course.
The City Watch must keep the peace.
Only, I hadn’t realisedpeace depended on killing babies.
Orders are orders.
Quite right.
Especially the Queen’s orders.
I never said they were the Queen’s orders.
No, but who else would wantto murder King Robert’s bastards?
She’s always been a jealous woman.
You know your sister better than I do.
You’ve heard the awful rumoursabout my brother and sister?
I don’t listen to filth.
That’s good of you, but you have heard them.
I suppose people who do believe that filthconsider Robert’s bastardsto be better claimants to the thronethan Cersei’s children.
Joffrey is my king.
The rest doesn’t interest me.
I appreciate your loyalty.
Tell me, when your menslaughtered Ned Stark’s menin the throne room, did you give the order?
I did.
And I would again.
The man was a traitor.
He tried to buy my loyalty.
The fool.
He had no idea you were already bought.
Are you drunk?
I’ll not have my honour questioned by an imp!
I’m not questioning your honour, Lord Janos.
I’m denying its existence.
If you think I’ll stand hereand take this from you, dwarf…
Dwarf?
You should have stopped at imp.
And, yes, you will stand hereand take it from me,unless you’d like to take itfrom my friend here.
I intend to serve as Hand of the Kinguntil my father returns from the war.
And seeing as you betrayedthe last Hand of the King,well, I just wouldn’t feel safewith you lurking about.
What are you…
My friends at court will not allow this!
The Queen herself has granted…
The Queen Regent.
And you’re a fool to believe she is your friend.
We shall hear what Joffreyhas to say about this.
No, we shan’t.
There’s a ship leavingfor EastwatchbytheSea tonight.
From there, I’m afraid,it’s rather a long walk to Castle Black.
I hope you enjoy the Wall.
I found it surprisingly beautiful…
in a brutal, horribly uncomfortablesort of way.
The lads will escort you.
The streets aren’t safe at night, my lord.
These men are under my command!
I command you to arrest this cutthroat.
His name is Bronn,and he is the new commanderof the City Watch.
Boys.
I have friends at court,powerful friends!
The king himself made me a lord!
To the new commander.
If I told you to murder an infant girl, say,still at her mother’s breast,would you do it without question?
Without question?
No.
I’d ask, “How much?
“If they come back, I say we yield.
Gendry’s the one they want.
Don’t want to get caughtin the middle of a battle.
I ain’t afraid of no battles.
If you got within a mile of a battle,you’d fill your pants.
I’ve seen lots of battles.
I saw…
Liar.
I saw a man kill another manjust outside a tavern in Flea Bottom.
Stabbed him right in the neck.
Two men fighting isn’t a battle.
They had armour on.
So?
So, if they’ve got armour on, it’s a battle.
No, it isn’t.
What does a dyer’s apprenticeknow about battles anyway?
Gendry’s an armourer’s apprentice.
Hot Pie, tell Gendrywhat makes a fight into a battle.
It’s when they’ve got armour on.
Who told you that?
A knight.
How’d you know he was a knight?
Well, it was ’cause he’d got armour on.
You don’t have to be a knight to have armour.
Any idiot can buy armour.
How do you know?
‘Cause I sold armour.
What do the gold cloaks want with you?
No idea.
You’re a liar.
You know, you shouldn’tinsult people that are bigger than you.
Then I wouldn’t get to insult anyone.
I don’t care what any of them want.
No good’s ever come of their questions.
No good’s ever come?
Who asked questions before?
How can someone so smallbe such a huge pain in my arse?
Who asked questions?
The Hand of the King.
Hands of the King.
Lord Arryn came firsta few weeks before he died,and then Lord Stark camea few weeks before he died.
Lord Stark?
See?
Asking me questions is bad luck.
You’ll probably be dead soon.
What did they ask about?
My mum.
Who’s your mum?
Just my mum,worked in a tavern, died when I was little.
And who was your father?
Could’ve been one of thosegoldhatted bastards, for all I know.
What about you anyway?
You thought they were after you.
Why?
Did you kill someoneor is it just because you’re a girl?
I’m not a girl.
Yes, you are.
Do you think I’m as stupidas the rest of them?
Stupider.
The Night’s Watch doesn’t take girls,everyone knows that.
Yeah, that’s true, but you’re still a girl.
I am not!
Yeah?
Well, pull your cock outand take a piss, then.
I don’t need to take a piss.
Lommy and Hot Pie can’t know.
No one can know.
Well, they won’t.
Not from me.
My name’s not Arry.
It’s Arya, of House Stark.
Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell.
He was your father, the Hand, the traitor.
He was never a traitor.
Joffrey is a liar.
So you’re a highborn, then.
You’re a lady.
No.
I mean, yes.
My mother was a lady and my sister…
Yeah, but you were a lord’s daughter,and you lived in a castle and you…
Look, all that about cocks,I should never have said…
And I’ve been pissingin front of you and everything.
I should be calling you “my lady.
” Do not call me “my lady.
” As my lady commands.
Well, that was unladylike.
Oh!
What’s she carrying?
Myrish oranges,wine from the Arbor…
and the heir to Pyke and the Iron Islands.
The only living son of Balon Greyjoy.
Me.
I don’t like wine.
Woman’s drink.
I need to get to Pyke.
I’ll find you a horse.
I’m heading that way.
I can take you there.
I bet you can.
Have you been at sea long?
Or were there just no womenwhere you came from?
None like you.
You don’t know what I’m like.
Maybe you don’t know what you’re like.
Maybe you need someone to teach you.
Do you know who I am?
You think I offer free ridesto every man in jewellery,Lord Greyjoy?
Have my things sent up to the castle.
You should give me the reins.
I’m a better rider than you.
I’ve been on horsebackfor the past nine years.
Nine years?
Do you still know your way around a ship?
Have these hands ever touched a rope?
Don’t you worry about my hands.
The sea is in my blood.
Your blood will be in the seaif I don’t watch where I’m going.
I have a proposal for my father,one that will make him king again,and me after him.
You may get to stayin a castle tonight if you’re lucky.
Is that an offer from my future king?
An order from your future king.
You can tell your grandchildrenabout this night.
I don’t imagine it will bea story fit for children.
Father.
Nine years, is it?
They took a frightened boy.
What have they given back?
A man.
Your blood and your heir.
We shall see.
Stark had you longer than I did.
Lord Stark is gone.
And how do you feel about that?
What’s done is done.
I’ve brought you a proposal from Robb Stark.
Who gave you those clothes?
Was it Ned Stark’s pleasureto make you his daughter?
If my clothes offend you, I will change them.
You will.
That bauble round your neck,did you pay the iron price for it, or the gold?
I asked a question.
Did you pull it from the neckof a corpse you madeor did you buy it to match your fine clothes?
Iron or gold?
Gold.
I’ll not have my son dressed as a whore.
My fears have come true,the Starks have made you theirs.
My blood is salt and iron.
Yet the Stark boy sends you to melike a trained raven clutching his message.
The offer he makes is one I proposed.
He heeds your counsel?
I’ve lived with him,hunted with him, fought at his side.
He thinks of me as a brother.
No, not here, not in my hearing.
You will not name him brother,this son of the man who putyour true brothers to the sword.
Or have you forgotten your own blood?
I forget nothing.
I remember my brothers.
And I remember when my father was a king.
I see.
I destroy Robb Stark’s enemies for himand he will make meking of the Iron Islands once again.
I will lead the attack myself.
Oh, you will?
I’m your son, your only living heir.
Who else?
I told you to wait outside.
How did you get past the guards?
Anything with a cock is easy to fool.
My dear.
Yara?
So good to see you, brother.
This is a homecomingI’ll tell my grandchildren about.
She can’t lead an attack!
And why not?
You’re a woman!
You’re the one in skirts.
This isn’t Winterfell, boy.
Your sister took over commandof your eldest brother’s shipafter your new father killed him.
What’s dead may never die…
.
dead may never die.
The only nights she’s spent off these islandshave been spent on the sea.
She’s commanded men.
She’s killed men.
She knows who she is.
No man gives me a crown.
I pay the iron price.
I will take my crown,for that is who I am.
That is who we have always been.
You won’t stand a chanceagainst the Lannisters on your own.
Who said anything about the Lannisters?
You’ll have your goldwhen we take the treasury at King’s Landing.
All these kings fighting for the throne,and this Stannis has the smallest army.
Why would I bet on the manwith the worst chance?
Because you’re a smart gambler.
Stannis has proved himself in war twice.
His baby brother has never set footon a battlefield.
Neither has the false King Joffrey.
And yet they both have larger armies.
Stannis has just begun the fight.
His bannermen will rally to his cause.
There’s no man in the Seven Kingdomsmore honourable than Stannis Baratheonor more worthy of loyalty.
What is the world coming towhen smugglers must vouchfor the honour of kings?
Mind your words, pirate.
Matthos.
You think I’m insulted?
I am a pirate.
I’m an excellent pirate.
I don’t sail for promises.
Of course you do.
Every time you leave harbour,you’re leaving on a promise,a promise that somewhere on the sea,somebody’s got some goldand you can take it from him.
That’s a promise that always comes true.
As is mine.
You’re not a young man, Salladhor.
And correct me if I’m wrong,most pirates don’t grow old.
Only the clever ones.
You want to spendyour last few years on the seastealing from Pentoshi cheesemongersand Myrenese silk merchants, then go.
They’re out there waiting for you.
That’s easy.
What I’m offering you is hard.
Come with me and plunderthe greatest city in Westeros.
You’ll be the richest man in Lys,and the most famous.
They’ll be singing songs about youas long as men have voices to sing.
“Salladhor Saan” is a good name for songs.
It is.
One thing, I want the queen.
The queen?
Cersei, I want her.
I’ll sail with your fleet, allof my ships.
And if we don’t drown at the bottomof Blackwater Bay,I will fuck this blonde queenand I’ll fuck her well.
This war isn’t about you.
We’re not attacking King’s Landingso that you can rape the queen.
I’m not going to rape her.
I’m going to fuck her.
As if she would just let you.
You don’t know how persuasive I am.
I’ve never tried to fuck you.
Stannis is the rightful kingand the Lord of Light,the one true god…
I’ve been all over the world, my boy,and everywhere I go,people tell me about the true gods.
They all think they found the right one.
The one true godis what’s between a woman’s legs,and better yet, a queen’s legs.
I never thought you’d havea true believer for a son.
He’s young yet.
I promise you the gold.
I promise you the glory.
I cannot promise you the queen.
You believe your king can win?
He is the one true king.
You Westerosi are funny people.
A man chops off your fingersand you fall in love with him.
I’ll sail with you, Davos Seaworth.
You’re the most honest smuggler I ever met.
Make me rich.
Get me to the gatesof King’s Landing and I will.
When will the king have us sail?
As soon as his god wills it.
He’s my god, too, and yours,but you are too blind to see.
Let me teach you how to read.
Oh, you and your mother.
It won’t take long.
You already know the letters.
The holy books aremuch more persuasive than I can be.
I wish I had a god, truly.
I’m not mocking you,but I’ve seen men pray to every god there is,pray for wind, pray for rain, pray for home.
None of it works.
But you always came home.
I wasn’t praying.
But I was.
Every night that you were at sea,I lit a candle and I prayed for you.
You want me to have a god?
Fine.
King Stannis is my god.
He raised me upand blessed me with his trust.
He gave you a futureI could never have imagined.
You know how to read.
You’ll be a knight someday.
You think a fire god commanded all that?
It was Stannis, only Stannis.
Stannis is my king, but he’s only a man.
Don’t tell him that.
Lord Janos Slyntwas commander of the City Watch.
You had no right to exile him.
I have every right.
I am the King’s Hand.
You’re serving as the King’s Handtill Father gets here.
I am Queen Regent.
Listen to me, Queen Regent.
You’re losing the people.
Do you hear me?
The people.
You think I care?
You might find it difficultto rule over millions who want you dead.
Half the city will starve when winter comes.
The other half will plot to overthrow you.
And your goldplated thugsjust gave them their rallying cry,”The Queen slaughters babies.
“You don’t even have the decency to deny it.
It wasn’t you who gave the order, was it?
Joffrey didn’t even tell you.
Did he tell you?
I imagine that would be even worse.
He did what needed to be done.
You want to be Hand of the King?
You want to rule?
This is what ruling is,lying on a bed of weeds,ripping them out by the root, one by one,before they strangle you in your sleep.
I’m no king,but I think there’s more to ruling than that.
I don’t care what you think!
You’ve never taken it seriously.
You haven’t, Jaime hasn’t.
It’s all fallen on me.
As has Jaime, repeatedly,according to Stannis Baratheon.
You’re funny.
You’ve always been funny…
but none of your jokes will ever matchthe first one, will they?
You remember?
Back when you ripped my mother openon your way out of herand she bled to death?
She was my mother, too.
Mother gone…
for the sake of you.
There’s no bigger joke in the world than that.
Your Grace.
Your Grace.
How did you fare with your pirate?
Salladhor Saan will join our fleet,ships.
His men know how to fight.
In my experience,pirates prefer fighting unarmed men.
It does seem the wiser choice.
There won’t be a choice this time.
Do you trust him?
Salladhor Saan is an old friend.
I’ve known himyears.
I’ve never trusted him.
Now, once he gets the smell of goldhe never stops.
Well, if he does his job, he’ll have his share.
Leave us.
At once, Your Grace.
The Lord of Light shines through you,young warrior.
Come.
What did you say to him?
I told him death by fire is the purest death.
Why?
Because it is true.
You’re troubled, my king.
Yeah.
These armies are toys for the Lord of Light.
Tell your lord to burn them, then.
I tell him nothing.
I pray for his commands and I obey.
My little brother has , men,according to the scouts,men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me.
You must have faith.
Faith?
In a real war, the side withthe greater number wins,nine times out of ten.
Then we must be the th.
I cannot defeat my brother in the field.
And I can’t take King’s Landingwithout the men he’s stolen.
I have seen the path to victory in the flames.
But first, you must give yourselfto the Lord of Light.
I’ve said the words, damn you.
I burned the idols.
You must give all of yourself.
I have a wife.
I took a vow.
She’s sickly, weak…
Shut away in a tower.
She disgusts you.
And she’s given you nothing,no sons, only stillborns,only death.
I will give you a son, my king.
A son?